Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, users are going to be able to pick video from either gallery or camera, and as well
they're going to be able to click on this in order to cancel.
Okay, not to do this, they're going to need to go back to obvious record and then they have the video
screen and then we can use control and B to make this wide.
Okay.
Now over here, we are going to create a function and we are going to call this function peak video.
Now, the process of picking video from gallery is going to be similar with the process of picking video
and camera.
So what we can do is we can make this reusable.
Okay.
So we're going to pass in this source.
That's the location on how we're going to pick that video.
So you can see as RC and as well we can specify the type.
It is a type of image.
Source.
Okay.
Grids as well.
This is going to take in the context.
And we can as well specify the type which is a type of beauty contest.
Okay.
Great.
Now via.
They're going to find her and you're going to create a rainbow card with you.
It's going to be equal to first of all, there's a future.
We need to use the async and where we can see our IDs, then we're going to be using that image picker.
That image picker has a mentor known as pick video.
You're going to see this shot the so we can see image picker.
Image Flickr.
That's peak.
Video you can see okay now for the source is going to be this source as.
Our seat.
Okay, great.
Now hold your semicolon.
Okay.
Now the next step.
The next thing we're going to do is we're going to check if the user actually picked the video.
Okay.
So they are going to use and use it so we can see if video.
Is not occur to know that this user aspect of video.
Or simply saying if the video is that empty.
Right.
Okay.
If the video is not a quarter low, then we're going to go to a new screen.
So we are going to create that screen.
So over here, they're going to create a new screen part of.
But the score, we can just call this off on the score screen.
Those darts.
In this screen.
The video is going to be displayed and.
This is going to be how they capture that video.
Okay.
Boy, they're going be doing this now.
For they now is going to be able to navigate to this screen.
Okay.
So now we can create two stateless widgets.
And as well you can call this find.
Screen.
Okay, and apply a light and use control and dots in order to impart the material to the dead package.
Okay, now we need to go back to the video screen.
Okay.
So if it is not a quartz knob, that's the user actually as a video.
Then what we can then do?
We can say Navigator.
We can just go ahead and say navigate to the it's push.
Okay.
You can see as the shot from the that should be okay.
Or the roots or roots whatever you call it, is going to be my severe.
Page.
ROBERTS okay.
As well.
It is going to take in the contest.
Okay.
And you can use an arrow function for this.
Or we can just use this.
I just recall on an within here we can't see written.
Of.
Confirm screen.
That is only if the video was actually picked.
Okay, great.
Now, remember, we made this dynamic, right?
So what we can.
What we can turn to is.
Over year.
Right we can.
Use an our function.
And we're going to call the peak.
Peak video.
McCann.
Now you can see it wants to surpass the source of all the.
Of all the witches of the peaks, it's going to be image.
Source.
The art gallery.
Okay.
Great.
As well.
We need, I think.
Oh.
Say he's going to have to hold to this as well.
Video.
Okay, so.
As well they're going to do for this.
Okay.
You can use an arrow function.
And this is going to be peak.
Video.
Okay.
There's going to be image source.
Then the camera.
Okay.
Great.
Now for this.
Okay.
We also have this.
So you can do.
We can use the navigator dot.
Pop.
Okay.
Great.
Now, let's try to.
Jack.
What you just did.
Okay.
But this.
Well, let's just.
Let's.
We start this.
Okay.
But we started.
If may not use that, then.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Sorry.
Click on this and click on Gallery.
This is going to take us to a gallery.
Okay.
Now, currently we don't have any video and not so hard a video.
I currently have one, but if we don't know how to do this, all you have to do is to go to your thigh
and over this you can drag and use alternate and tap.
To navigate to your android.
Then just have to leave this over.
I think our idea of it or you can just close this that's is.
All that and.
I think that's okay.
Okay.
And you can just drag it.
And of course, you can see my copy.
Okay.
Copy.
That's basically it.
Okay.
So I'm going to click on this history.
This.
Okay.
Is that a pic of you again?
Just going to wait for this.
Okay.
This.
Now pick.
Okay.
You can see.
Took us back to the.
The vampire screen.
What we can do is over the course of screen.
Screen.
You can't just use this comfort.
Scaffold.
And you can have.
The body.
You see the way since we jets and.
The child.
This is going to be a test with jets and you can just say confirm.
Video.
Okay.
I'll check it out.
You can see setup begin.
The video is going to take us to the core of our video screen.
Right.
Okay.
So it does what you are basically saying.
So we are saying if the video is peaked, then we want to navigate to the screen.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
So now we are able to be able to pick video from the.
Gallery and camera, so you can see how powerful the picture is.
You are not only able to pick image from you are not there or you are not only able to pick image,
but as well you are able to pick a video as well.
You can see looking guy seen in s picture.